---
tags: Diary, Periodicals
swimming: 1100
tracked: 1
type: 
---

## Todos
- [x] Fixed the missing files caused by Auto Backup and Auto Pull
- [x] Set up [[Passkey]] on Google account for Chrome, Safari (iCloud) and Edge.
- [x] Synchronized Obsidian Homebase with Macbook Air 
- [ ] Propose to apply the $Q,K,V$ computation [[Attention|attention mechanism]] to not just words and sentences, but to notes and collection of notes in an Obsidian vault/Wiki site. Write a note on [[Kernel of Attention]] about it first. And move the content of today's Diary to that note.

## PKC as a Data Wallet for PKM
In Obsidian's terminology, one set of interconnected data is all managed in one directory, called an Obsidian Vault. This file-based abstraction is an important technical decision for managing data assets. To better organize data as a coherent asset, it is necessary to use a generic term, in this case, I will just call it: [[PKC]]. The generalized abstraction, say container, is a convenient and inclusive way to connect the notion of data asset management to knowledge management. [[PKC]] also fits better with the term: [[Personal Knowledge Management|PKM]], because they both directly denote the idea of Personal Knowledge Management and Containment, respectively. 

Having chosen [[PKC]] as a broad class of technology. The integrative idea of data protection, storage, navigation, and refinement, became a natural extension. As new hardware instruments became available, the integration of cellphone-based [[Passkey|passkey]], high-performance [[Network Attached Storage|NAS]], user-friendly [[Note-taking|Note-taking]] tools, and Private GPT services became a product category that can be named: [[PKC]]. Moreover, a common trustworthy, and secure marketplace, say a blockchain-enabled [[DID]] infrastructure, must also be directly integrated with the [[Passkey|passkeys]]. The key point is that without simultaneously having all these above-mentioned services and capabilities to be made available at the same time, it would be difficult to grow the user base of [[PKC]] at scale.

## A Security Service for all PKCs
It turns out that the first product to build is a Passkey-based security system that works with [[Zenroom]]. This will enable many people to have high degree of security, yet reduce the complexity of using a wide range of web services. Many popular web services already have [[Social Login|social login]], which means I can design the tool to wrap around existing [[Social Login|social login]] protocols to reduce the complexity of user experience. With that in the pipeline, the rest of the system could work with many more infrastructures, particularly with [[Bitcoin]] and [[Ethereum]]-based transaction systems, including existing [[Smart Contract]] systems.

## Data Quality comes from the quality of security
As the level of data security for [[PKC]] increases, it would immediately improve the trustworthiness of data contained in those [[PKC]]s. This also makes the value and quality of data much higher, compared to the existing way of data filtering and data content verification. This idea can be directly applied to the [[Correctness]] argument of maintaining [[PKC]]s. The notion is that I can create a series of pages, hyperlinked with a [[Universality|Univeral]] kind of data type ([[Hyperlink]]), and guide users  to learn about any kind of knowledge using only pages that passes through the accompanied [[Correctness|correctness]] verified contracts, while the correctness conditions are specified using [[Zencode]]. The choice of using simple language such as [[Zencode]], is crucially important because it is text-based and simple enough to work as a form of annotation for many other textual languages. More importantly, [[Zencode]] comes with cryptographic functions and standard implementation of these functions, so that it reduces the time-to-market engineering time for this proposed system.

With [[Zencode]], it can become a form of "[[Prompt|prompts]]" in the knowledge base. In other words, [[Zencode]] can be a template language for notes written in [[Markdown]] Language. With notes written and stored in Obsidian vaults, the process of navigating this content, will all be presented through a browser, or [[Obsidian]], a localized browser, so that users can have an integrative and editable web as [[Tim Berners-Lee]] originally envisioned, that was the functional goal of [[Mathematica Notebook]] in the first place. In other words, it will be the [[@domingosMasterAlgorithmHow2018|Master Algorithm]]
as stated by [[Pedro Domingos]]. All ideas will be represented as notes or note-collections to be sent through a single process, similar to [[REPL]] or [[DevOps]] to incrementally refine its content through an iteratively improved [[Transformer]] function. It can be thought of the whole [[Data Asset Management]] process being a distributed perennial [[CICD|CI/CD]] exercise. This requires users to treat [[Note|notes]] in [[PKC]] or just individual files as the universal component in this asset management process. I explicitly mention [[Obsidian note]] because this kind of notes are always using text-based files and directories as its universal abstraction, in other words, a [[Document Database]]. This is what I will call: [[Template Engineering]].


### File Generated Time
2023-08-03 02:19

#Diary 

## References

[[@domingosMasterAlgorithmHow2018|The Master Algorithm]]