---
tags: Diary, Periodicals
tracked: 1
bloodp_hi: 123
bloodp_lo: 74
heart_beat: 59
weight: 83.4
---

## Todos
- [x] Duwi Arsana and Dodok (Kadek Agusnova) are visiting my home today
- [x] Think of all [[Data Asset Management|DAM]] in terms of file management, in the Obsidian way. This is now further exemplified by the discovery of [[Anytype]] as an Encrypted Operating System.
- [x] Organize all projects as [[Algebra of Systems]], in terms of closures. Then, present content knowledge based on scale-free patterns based on implementation experience on Operating System Kernels (code named: [[Kernel of Attention]]) and the [[Metrics]] associated with them. ✅ 2023-08-07
- [ ] Remind me that the essence of all projects is about keeping data changes accountable.
- [x] Inform Prof. Surya about the meeting with Duwi Arsana
- [ ] Think of all [[Data Asset Management|DAM]] in terms of file management, in the Obsidian way.
- [ ] Organize all projects as [[Algebra of Systems]], in terms of closures. Then, present content knowledge based on scale-free patterns based on implementation experience on Operating System [[Kernel]]s and the [[Metrics]] associated with them.
- [ ] Remind me that the essence of all projects is about keeping data changes [[Accountability|accountable]].
- [x] Inform Prof. Surya about the meeting with [[Duwi Arsana]]

## Family Related
Today is the 19th Wedding Anniversary with Michih. Thanks to Henry's gift, we went to Suku Restaurant in Conrad  Bali Hotel, located in Nusa Dua. It was a great night. The steak was excellent, but the duck was even better.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2820.864433274533!2d115.22415013197492!3d-8.781531395052147!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x2dd2430f68571fcd%3A0xda9914e4e153cf28!2sConrad%20Bali!5e1!3m2!1sen!2sid!4v1690207017723!5m2!1sen!2sid" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>


## Work related
I also remembered the product that could be very useful for our program: [Makeblock](https://www.makeblock.com/). It brought back many memories. Thinking back, this is a great product, and clearly, it was a long-term success. This program also reminds me of the essence of [[Composability|composability]] and modularity.




### File Generated Time
2023-07-24 08:21

#Diary 