---
tags: Diary, Periodicals
tracked: 1
type: 
weight: 68.3
---

## Todos
- [x] Send the [[@allanglesHowSubtractionMakes2023|All Angles video]] to the Gautam Research team ([[Monday Seminar]])
- [x] Install Mermaid.js for Obsidian
- [ ] Create an IMS website using Obsidian

The following is a [[mermaid.js]] Chart.

```merm
flowchart LR
Begin --> Terminal

```


## Integrating with Geographical and Diagrammatic technologies
I also downloaded [[QGIS]] yesterday, I also realized that [[mermaid.js]] is already mature enough to be deployed on [[Github]]. These revelation allows me to rethink the implementation strategy for Prof. Surya's needs. It would be relatively easy to create Cartograms along with various diagrams that would be highly concise, yet, representative of realistic situations in a timely manner, which massively improve the cognitive capacity for a group of people. Therefore, making this system a true "[[S.M.A.R.T.]]" system as people in the [[Network Attached Storage|NAS]] industry had been thinking about it.

## Modern Zettlekasten for Balinese
I also told Agung Pram and Agung Duwi Arsana, they should be designing a kind of library system for Balinese, so that we can demonstrate Balinese people are respectful for their heritage, and have a concrete mechanism to persist their own knowledge. This Zettlekasten can also be integrated with [[Network Attached Storage|NAS]], physically located in shrines that reminds them to worship the gods in the physical place that protects them. For example, all shrines in Bali are facing Mountain Agung, so they are reminded to be aware of their surviving context at all times.

### File Generated Time
2023-08-01 10:54

#Diary 