---
tags: Diary, Periodicals
tracked: 1
---
 a
## Todos
- [x] Set up an account for Haviz on QNAP NAS ✅ 2023-07-31
- [x] Attend the weekly seminar with Gautam and Ray

I watched a video by [[Zajj Daugherty]] recorded in [[@daughertyRepresentationTheoryCombinatorics|2016]], the main inspiration is that her title was Representation Theory and combinatorics of diagram algebra. In other words, [[Algebra of Systems]] is a kind of [[Diagram Algebra]], which was invented at a time when I didn't know enough about [[Abstract Algebra]]. After a bit of digging, I realized that this [[Diagram Algebra|diagrammatic reasoning]] idea was also extensively worked on by [[Robert Coecke|Bob Coecke]], with the book: [[@coeckePicturingQuantumProcesses2017|Picturing Quantum Processes]]. Then, I realized that only if humans have access to tools such as [[Obsidian]] and streamlined diagrammatic language, such as [[mermaid.js]], it would be possible to link the massive amount of data in an interactive manner, therefore, enable more people to benefit from [[Diagram Algebra|diagrammatic reasoning]]. Otherwise, the formality of diagrams and the requirement for modifying a diagram could be too laborious to be useful for daily operations. Moreover, it would be ideal to integrate a cryptographic execution engine, like [[Zenroom]], to encode every relational symbol with some cryptographically verified ordering, so that one may assign physical and social meaning to every piece of data, so that computers can later sift through all of these traces or crumbs to identify patterns. In other words, integrating [[Zenroom]] with [[mermaid.js]] in an [[Obsidian]]-assisted [[PKC]] would be the proper combination of supplying such facility for human consumption. 

## The Monday (Gautam-Hosted) Seminar

In the meeting, Ray talked about [[Konrad Lorenz]] and [Abby adnd Brittany Hensel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abby_and_Brittany_Hensel)

As [[Ray Dougherty|Ray]] said, when [[Duwi Arsana]] rewire physical stuff again, it is like the brain rewiring itself. He also mentioned the ideas [[Situs Inversus]] and [[Dextrocardia]].

Ray kept reminding me that what [[Hacker|hackers]] do, is about repurposing the use of certain physical infrastructure, that means the ability to rewire/re-purpose certain device is what evolution and learning takes place.

Ray mentioned the book: "[Three Phases of Eve](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/The_Three_Faces_of_Eve)". He also mentioned that he just watched the movie, [[Robert Oppenheimer|Oppenheimer]]. He noticed that Oppenheimer was a great organizer by being able to listen to other scientists argue, and then present a unified vision for the group of scientists to go forward.

Then, [[Gautam Dasgupta]] said that civil engineering is always teaching its students to do analysis and design in a single course. An analysis is about decomposing a problem into the least complex components so that some decisions can be made about them. While design is a way to make decisions about composing the known components to attain a cohesive whole.

Watched All Angles video on [[Subtraction]]. This is one of the best video on the idea of Universal Operator (subtraction), and the notion of symmetry. It also demonstrated that the notion of relativity and differential equations are the foundational/invariant data representation of our universe. This must be presented to our research group with Gautam. I will write an email to inform them on August 1, 2023.



### File Generated Time
2023-07-31 11:23

#Diary 

## References

[[@allanglesHowSubtractionMakes2023|Subtraction by All Angles]]